### 방송 정보
- 스터디 날짜: 2019.03.28
- 방송 날짜: 2019.03.28
- 제목: Interpretation of Dreams

### Vocabulary & Expression
- late for work: 직장에 지각하다
   - I recently had a strange dream. I dreamed I was late for work
- check on: (괜찮은지) ~을 확인하다
- give someone a hug: 포옹해주다
   - Another time, I dreamed I lost my dog. As soon as I woke up, I checked on my dog and gave her a hug
- be thouhgt to be: ~으로 여겨지다
   - Some dreams are thought to be good luck
- a precursor to: ~의 전조
   - Korean people believe that a dream about pig is a precursor to good luck
- find solace: 위안을 찾다
   - With bad dreams, people find solace by saying that the opposite will happen
- rosy outlook: 희망적인 전망
   - People try to make sense of their dreams because they want to maintain a rosy outlook on life

### Pattern 
behind schedule: 예정보다 늦게
- 반대: ahead of schedule
- I arrived behind schedule, and everyone was working
- I submitted my report behind schedule

out of the ordinay: 이상한, 특이한
- It felt like something was out of the ordinary
- I heard strange sound, but nothing was out of the ordinay

figure out: 파악하다, 이해하다
- I can't figure out why I had such a dream
- I need to figure out the quickest way to get there

hint at: ~을 암시하다
- Some dreams hint at good things in the future
- Instead of hinting at what you want to say, just say it

offer a glimpse of: ~을 엿보게 해 주다
- The movie trailer offered a glampse of what the movie will be like
- It's simple dish, but it offers a glimpse of his cooking talent

make sense of: ~을 이해하다, 파악하다
- People try to make sense of their dreams
- Afterward, we tried to make sense of the accident

### Expression of the day 
That's just superstition: 그것은 미신일 뿐이야

- A: Why did you buy so many lottery tickets? I'v never seen you buy them before
- B: It's my first time. I dreamt about pigs last night, so my mom told me to buy them
- A: A dreams about pigs? **That's just superstition**. Dreams can't predict the future
- B: I know, but it's still fun. Who knows? I might win!