### 방송 정보
- 스터디 날짜: 2019.03.15
- 방송 날짜: 2019.03.15
- 제목: International Couples

### Vocabulary & Expression
- be understanding: 이해심을 갖다
   - They might try harder to be understanding to each other
- older generations: 기성 세대
   - Older generations don't strongly object when their children get married for foreigners
- interracial couples: 다문화,다인종 커플
- conservative bent: 보수적인 성향
- disapproving look: 못마땅해 하는 시선
   - In the past, Korea had a conservative bent. Dating a foreigner often meant getting disapproving looks from others
- study abroad: 해외 유학을 가다
- travel overseas: 해외 여행을 가다
   - Young Koreans also studied abroad and traveled overseas more often

### Pattern 
- date each other: 서로 사귀다
   - It's not easy for two different people to date each other
   - We were friends before we began to date each other
- get used to: ~에 익숙해지다
   - People are getting used to these changes
   - I soon got used to the cold weather
- strongly object: 강력히 반대하다
   - Parents don't strongly object these days
   - We strongly objected, but our boss didn't listen
- as a matter of course: 자연스럽게, 당연하게
   - As a matter of course, there were more and more international couples
   - Many people go shopping as a matter of course on Black Friday
- regardless of: ~와 상관 없이
   - Now, people date regardless of their nationality
   - I always go jogging regardless of the weather
- open-minded: 개방적인
   - I hope Korea will become even more open-minded and considerate
   - It's important to be open-minded when you travel

### Expression of the day 
It doesn't bother me: 난 신경쓰지 않아

- A: I heard you have a new girlfriend. Tell me about her! How did you meet?
- B: A friend introduced her to me. She's from Canada. She's studying here. 
- A: Wow, that's great. What do you parents say?
- B: They're just a little worried. **It doesn't bother me**.
