### 방송 정보
- 스터디 날짜: 2019.03.26
- 방송 날짜: 2019.03.26
- 제목: Renting a Home in Korea (한국의 주택 임대)

### Vocabulary & Expression
- real-estate agent: 부동산 중개인. (중개소는 real-estate agency)
   - Whie house-hunting, we got help from a real-estate agent
- like best: 가장 좋아하다
   - We saw several houses and chose the one we liked best
- brokerage fee: 중개 수수료
   - We paid a brokerage fee to the real-estate agent
- monthly rent: 월세
- withdraw something from: ~에서 ~을 인출하다
   - We paid a small down-payment, and we pay a monthly rent. The rent is withdraw from our bank account at the end of each month
- the norm: 표준, 일반적인것 
   - There are two ways to rent a home in Korea. One is a monthly rent, which is the norm in other coutries
- hefty sum: 큰 금액
   - At the start of the lease, a hefty sum is given to the landlord
- lease is over: 계약 만료 (= lease is up), (반대는 sign a lease, 계약하다)
   - The deposit is returned when the lease is over

### Pattern 
- house-hunt: 집을 구하다
   - While house-hunting, we got help from a real-estate agent
   - I only have time to house-hunt on the weekends
- move in: 입주하다 (발음: in에 강조해야 함,  반대: move out)
   - We moved in to our house with a two-year contract
   - It's noisy because someone is moving in upstairs
- down-payment: 보증금, 계약금
   - We paid a small down-payment
   - I can't afford the down-payment for this apartment
- sign a lease: 임대 계약을 하다
   - There is another, unusual way to sign a lease
   - I left work early yesterday to sign a lease
- lump-sum deposit lease: 전세 (명확한 명사는 아니고, 외국인에게 전세를 설명할때 이정도로 표현)
   - A lump-sum deposit lease is a unique way to rent a house
   - Compared to a few years ago, lump-sum deposit lease are not as popular
- heavy burden: 큰 짐/부담
   - The deposit is a heavier burden for tenants than is used to be
   - Studying for tests is a heavy burden for most students 

### Expression of the day 
What a stroke of luck: 그것 참 행운이네!

- A: Have you found a place to live? Didn't you say you're going to move next month?
- B: I did! My friend is also moving, so I'm renting his apartment for two years
- A: What a strok of luck! It's so hard to find a good apartment in this neighborhood
- B: It really was lucky. He's even letting me pay a lower rent than I'd expected