### 방송 정보
- 스터디 날짜: 2019.03.13
- 방송 날짜: 2019.03.13
- 제목: Computer Problem

### Vocabulary & Expression
- daily use: 매일 사용함
   - I need it for daily use, so it's a bother when my computer doesn't work
- in person: 직접
   - For hardware problem, I have to bring the computer to the service center in person
- software/hardware related: 소프트웨어/하드웨어 관련
   - Generally, the problem is software-related or hardware-related
- bang something up: ~을 부딫치다, 고장 내다
   - I banged up my laptop somewhere
- affected area: 손상 부위
   - The display was damaged, and the affected area kept getting bigger

### Pattern 
- break down: 고장 나다. (크기가 조금 되는 것에 사용. 핸드폰 같은 경우는 사용하지 않음)
   - My computer break down sometimes
   - My car broke down, so I took the subway
- a bother: 불편함
   - It's a bother when my computer doesn't work
   - It's a bother but it's not a big problem
- get something fixed: ~을 수리 받다
   - I can get my computer fixed by remote access these days
   - It might be cheaper to buy new one than to get it fixed
- have something looked at: 검사/수리를 받다 (점검)
   - I went to the service center to have it looked at
   - I don't have time to have my car looked at
- cost a mint: 비용이 많이 들다
   - The repair cost a mint
   - Eating at that restaurant costs a mint
- make (more) sense: 합리적이다
   - It makes more sense to just get a new one
   - It makes sense to buy only what you need

### Expression of the day 
It's an easy fix: 쉽게 고칠수 있어

- A: Hey, can you take a look at my computer for me? I think it's broken
- B: Sure, I'm not busy right now. What happened? What's wrong with it?
- A: Yesterday night, it turned off on its own. I didn't touch anything
- B: Oh, I think it just installed some updates. **It's an easy fix**. Dont worry
