### 방송 정보
- 스터디 날짜: 2019.03.21
- 방송 날짜: 2019.03.21
- 제목: Having a Child

### Vocabulary & Expression
- have a kid: 아이를 갖다
   - As soon as we get married, we wanted to have kids
- for years: 수년간
   - We tried for years, but we had no luck
- get tested: 검사를 받다
   - We got tested at the hospital, but my husband and I were both just fine
- like a maracle: 기적처럼
   - After 4 years, we finally got pregnant. It was like a miracle
- feel overjoyed: 가슴 벅차서 행복하다
   - We felt overjoyed to become parents
- give birth: 출산하다
- bundle of joy: 아이(특히 신생하)
   - Last year, I gave birth to our bundle of joy
- meaningfule experience: 의미/보람있는 경험
   - It was the hardest thing I've ever done, but it was also the most meaningful experience of my life
- feel nauseated: 속이 메스껍다
- dry-heave: 헛구역질을 하다
   - I left nauseated often and dry-heaved
- by someone's side: ~의 곁에
   - Thankfully, my husband was always by my side to help
- OBGYN check-ups: 산부인과 진료. (Y를 빼고 OBGY라고 해도 괜찮음)
- natual birth: 자연 분만 
   - cesarean: 제왕절개 
- post-natal care center: 산후 조리원
   - For two weeks, I stayed in a post-natal care center and learned how to breast-feed

### Pattern 
- as soon as: ~ 하자마자
   - As soon as we get married, we wanted to have kids
   - You should call me as soon as the meeting is over
- have no luck: 성공하지 못하다, 운이 따르지 않다
   - We tried for years, but we had no luck
   - I had no luck when I tried to buy tickets
- can't wait to: ~이 매우 기대되다
   - We couldn't wait to meet our child
   - I couldn't wait to meet my blind date
- morning sickness: 입덧
   - Early in my pregnancy, it was really hard because of morning sickness
   - I tried to help my wift when she had morning sickness
- without a hitch: 차질 없이(= without any problem)
   - Everything happened without a hitch
   - We will be late unless everything proceeds without a hitch
- breast-feed: 모유 수유를 하다
   - For two weeks, I learned how to breast-feed
   - There are rooms to breast-feed babies in most department stores

### Expression of the day 
Dont' lift a finger: 아무것도 하지마

- A: Hey, I'm going to get some milk at the store. Do you need anything?
- B: Wait just a minute while I get dressed, and I'll go with you
- A: No, I'll go my self. You shouldn't do anything tiring. **Don't lift a finger**
- B: Don't worry. I just want to get some air. It's not even cold outside. 
